Support for autonomous database clone from backup feature (#29633)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Oracle"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing autonomous database clone from backup.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup

Use this data source to access information about an existing autonomous database clone from backup.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup" "example" {
  name                = "existing"
  resource_group_name = "existing"
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this autonomous database clone from backup.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Autonomous Database Clone exists.

> ## Attributes Reference

Reviewer: `peer_database_id` is still missing, if it's not returned by the API it needs to be removed from the schema

---
subcategory: "Oracle"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Autonomous Database Clone created from backup.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup

Use this data source to access information about an existing Autonomous Database Clone that was created from a backup.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup" "example" {
  name                = azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup.example.name
  resource_group_name = azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup.example.resource_group_name
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_oracle_autonomous_database_clone_from_backup.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Autonomous Database.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Autonomous Database exists.

> ## Attributes Reference

Author: done

* `time_maintenance_begin_in_utc` -  The timestamp when maintenance will begin.

* `time_maintenance_end_in_utc` -  The timestamp when maintenance will end.

* `time_of_last_failover_in_utc` - The timestamp of the last failover operation.

* `time_of_last_refresh_in_utc` - The timestamp when the last refresh happened.

* `time_of_last_refresh_point_in_utc` - The refresh point timestamp (UTC). The refresh point is the time to which the database was most recently refreshed. Data created after the refresh point is not included in the refresh.

* `time_of_last_switchover_in_utc` - The timestamp of the last switchover operation for the Autonomous Database.

* `time_reclamation_of_free_autonomous_database_in_utc` - The timestamp the Always Free database will be stopped because of inactivity. If this time is reached without any database activity, the database will automatically be put into the STOPPED state.

* `used_data_storage_size_in_gb` - The storage space consumed by Autonomous Database in gigabytes.

* `used_data_storage_size_in_tb` - The amount of storage that has been used, in terabytes.

* `virtual_network_id` - The ID to an Azure Resource Manager virtual network resource.

> * `long_term_backup_schedule` - A `long_term_backup_schedule` block as defined below

Reviewer: Please put this with the other properties starting with `l` so it's alphabetical

Author: @sreallymatt This is the result of the cascading tool, are you sure about this?

---

A `long_term_backup_schedule` block exports the following:

* `enabled` - A boolean value that indicates if long-term backup is enabled/disabled.

* `repeat_cadence` - The frequency for automated long-term backups.

* `retention_period_in_days` - The retention period in days for Autonomous database backup.

* `time_of_backup_in_utc` - The timestamp in which the backup would be made.

## Timeouts

> The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

Reviewer: Unrelated to your changes, but we recently replaced all of these timeouts URLs with a new one that routes to the correct documentation

```suggestion
The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/configure#define-operation-timeouts) for certain actions:
```
